Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
are prepared teekly and in advance, one copy
being filed in the school office. School
room equipment is reasonably good. Some cases
could be made and used to advantage in two
of the roorns. The books on the authorized
list seem reasonably well adapted to our
needs and two or more series of each grade
are used.
All industrial and done stic employees
of this school give lessons on the work of
their departments and in keeping with the
Course of study requirements.
The girls receive instruction in Home
Training, Cooking, sewing, Iaundering, and
Domestic Science or cooking for small groups
of about family size. The boys receive train
ing in engineering, carpentering at times,
gardening, hoemaking or rather shoe repair
ing, farming and stockraising, and goat
dairying. Lessons are given four days each
week for a period of thirty minutes each.
The school plant is is fairly good shape,
the various buildings being from one to
eighteen years old. The greatest need is to
keep them well painted and the stone buildings
well pointed. The heat, light, and water
plants are all in good condition and very
eficient, Excellent water is available for
domestic use.
Employees vary from" fair to the most
" efficient". Some employees of this school
have little thought of anything augh t but
the good of the school. Attention is invi
ted to the unusually efficient Physician,
Senior Teacher. and dead Metron. Accomoda
tions for ingle employees or those without
children are better than ever before due to
the additional rooms constructed last summer
Sleeping porches were also completed at the
same time increasing the capacity of the
school from 150 to 200. The old stable and
contents were lost by fire but a much better
barn, 26 x 50, has been put in its place by
moving an old abandoned sawmill barn irom
the mountain. The work was all alone by em
ployees and pupils and without any extra
expense and without the services of a carpen
