Annual Report, 1931
- 7-
fences. Great improvement, because of funds furnished, has
been made in the road conditions upon the reservation but
there is a great necessity for improving the work along this
line.
7. The Indians do a certain amount of road work without compen
sation but because of their present financial condition and
their need of help in order that they may not suffer, we are
hoping to secure money from funds appropriated for roads upon
Indian reservations although the prospect at the present time
is not encouraging.
( a) No further regulations are needed than are now in effect.
8. For irrigation purposes the government is planning upon fur
nishing funds for developing the springs and for the construc
tion of dams upon the upper rivers, and the program includes
the construction of an upper dam above the main reservoir to
supply irrigation water for the Zunis' use. Very little has
been done in the construction of dams and reservoirs and the
development of springs except by the crude methods of the In
dians with the assistance of the employees, who have had very
little funds for this purpose. It is thought that working with
the Forestry Department, this matter will be given future con
sideration.
9. There are no allotments upon the Zuni reservation.
10. There is no leased land upon this reservation.
11. It is not recommended that any of this land be leased as
there is not a sufficient amount of agricultural land for the
Indians.
12. The Zuni Indians own approximately 36, 000 head of sheep,
very few cattle and too many horses. Many of the worthless
horses have been rounded up and sold during the past few years
and the ones remaining are so wild that about the only manner
by which they can be disposed of is by killing them on the
range.
( a) There is more stock upon the reservation now than the range
will bear. Because of the low price of lambs and wool the In
